As a child.
You are so tall.
It's growing up better now.
Haha, ma'am.
You got the wrong person.
Granny, you're wrong.
He is Ninh Ninh.
You want to fool me again?
I met Ninh Ninh 20 years ago.
This girl clearly doesn't look like Ninh Ninh at all.
Did I really get the wrong person?
Female 18 changes
It's normal for this to grow up not the same.
But you change.
It's a little bit like when I was a kid.
He looks more like Ninh Ninh.
Ma'am, this may be because I'm more popular.
Grandmother, I'm Ninh Ninh.
Look closely.
Hello, sir.
Did you have a picture as a child?
Show me.
Secretary Lam
You take out the picture and show it to her.
I had a picture an inch from when I was a kid.
This is it.